
FullCalendar - Full-sized drag & drop event calendar
====================================================

About this fork (phurni)
========================

This fork adds features either requested in the issue tracker or needed by my own projects.
You'll find each new feature in its own branch.
The goal is to keep close to the original arshaw/fullcalendar. I'll send some push requests but
some features will certainly not be part of the core (too biased).

Weekends
--------

When `weekends` is false, you may configure which days are considered weekend days. By default
it is Saturday and Sunday, but you may choose only Sunday so that Saturday becomes a working day
(or the other way around).
The option for this is `weekendDays` which should contain an array of day numbers that are to be
considered weekend days. By default it contains `[0,6]` which stands for Sunday and Saturday.

Note that by combining with the `firstDay` option, you may have these week layouts:
                      firstDay    weekendDays
  Sunday-Friday          0           [6]
  Monday-Friday          0           [0,6]
  Monday-Friday          1           [0,6]
  Monday-Saturday        1           [0]
  Monday-Saturday        0           [0]

You may even have `weekends` set to `false` and having `weekendDays` set to an empty array `[]` which
lead to the same behaviour when `weekends` is set to `true`.

Don't expect predictable behaviour when setting days other than Sunday or Saturday.


Development and testing
-----------------------

Modify files in the `src/` directory and test your changes by viewing any of the HTML files
in the `tests/` directory. Each test file exercises a particular aspect of FullCalendar,
so you might want to create your own test file if you are developing a substantial new feature.

Building from source
--------------------

You must have a Java runtime environment (accessible by the `java` command) for minification.
Then, run `make zip` and check the `dist/` directory for your newly created ZIP archive.
To start fresh, run the `make clean` command.

Getting started
---------------

Assuming you have downloaded a release, or built your own, you can get started by including the
following dependencies in the &lt;HEAD&gt; of your HTML file:

	<link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='fullcalendar.css' />  <!-- required stylesheet          -->
	<script type='text/javascript' src='jquery.js'></script>           <!-- need jQuery >= v1.2.6        -->
	<script type='text/javascript' src='fullcalendar.min.js'></script> <!-- can also use fullcalendar.js -->
	
If you plan to use the drag/drop/resize functionality, you must include jQuery UI draggable and resizable.
You can [download a custom build](http://jqueryui.com/download) or use the bundled files, like so:

	<script type='text/javascript' src='ui.core.js'></script>
	<script type='text/javascript' src='ui.draggable.js'></script>
	<script type='text/javascript' src='ui.resizable.js'></script>
	
Somewhere in your javascript you need to initialize a FullCalendar within a pre-existing element.
Here is an example of doing it within an element having an `id` of `calendar`:

	$(document).ready(function() {
	
		$('#calendar').fullCalendar({
			// your options here
		});
	
	});
	
To see a full list of all available options, please consult the [FullCalendar documentation &raquo;](http://arshaw.com/fullcalendar/docs/)
